Document the initial rate limits (#49)
seamapi/api-docs: docs/device-guides/rate-limits-and-guardrails.md

# Rate Limits and Guardrails

> In order to provide a great experience for all of our customers, we have a number of rate limits and guardrails in place.

Reviewer: In order to provide a great experience for all of our customers, we have a number of rate limits and guardrails in place.
```suggestion
In order to provide a reliable service for all of our customers and API load predictability for our device partners, we have a number of rate limits and guardrails in place.
```
